Recipes/Cake Batter Ice Cream.md, before:

---
Taste rating /5: 2
Calorie range: 200-299
---
#### Nutrition Facts
| Calories (kcal) | 228 |
| :-- | :--: |
| Total Fat (g) | 5 |
| Saturated Fat (g) | 1 |
| Trans Fat (g) | 0 |
| Cholesterol (mg) | 5 |
| Sodium (mg) | 388 |
| Total Carbohydrate (g) | 34.5 |
| Dietary Fiber (g) | 1 |
| Sugars (g) | 29 |
| Protein (g) | 12.5 |
#### Ingredients
| Quantity | Unit | Ingredient |
| :--: | :--: | :--- |
| 1 | cup | Unsweetened [[Vanilla Almond Milk]] |
| 1/4 | cup | [[2% Cottage Cheese]] |
| 2 | tbsp | [[PB2 Powdered Almond Butter]] |
| 1 | tbsp | [[Splenda]] |
| 1/4 | tsp | [[Cake Batter Extract]] |
#### Instructions

1. Mix together in blender
2. Freeze overnight in creami pint
3. Mix on "SETTING" setting
4. Add LIQUID and respin once or twice until smooth

#### Comments

Loosely based on https://thepeachiespoon.com/blogs/recipes/high-protein-cake-batter-ninja-creami-blizzard?srsltid=AfmBOorc3VfJq2tNqtpbfUk131rfGWybxsUHkik956AKwA2D1KsQ1GGE

Tasted very artificial, a little salty, and much too strongly of extract. Cut back extract to 1/4. Replaced vanilla protein powder (seems to be a common culprint for artificial taste) with almond butter powder. Remove added salt.

Commit message:

Sprinkles mix in for cake batter ice cream

Recipes/Cake Batter Ice Cream.md, after:

---
Taste rating /5: 2
Calorie range: 200-299
---
#### Nutrition Facts
| Calories (kcal) | 288 |
| :-- | :--: |
| Total Fat (g) | 8 |
| Saturated Fat (g) | 2 |
| Trans Fat (g) | 0 |
| Cholesterol (mg) | 5 |
| Sodium (mg) | 388 |
| Total Carbohydrate (g) | 43.5 |
| Dietary Fiber (g) | 1 |
| Sugars (g) | 35 |
| Protein (g) | 18.5 |
#### Ingredients
| Quantity | Unit | Ingredient |
| :--: | :--: | :--- |
| 1 | cup | Unsweetened [[Vanilla Almond Milk]] |
| 1/4 | cup | [[2% Cottage Cheese]] |
| 2 | tbsp | [[PB2 Powdered Almond Butter]] |
| 1 | tbsp | [[Splenda]] |
| 1/4 | tsp | [[Cake Batter Extract]] |
| 1 | tbsp | [[Rainbow Sprinkles]] |
#### Instructions

1. Mix all ingredients except sprinkles together in blender
2. Freeze overnight in creami pint
3. Mix on "lite ice cream" setting
4. Add almond milk and respin once or twice until smooth
5. Add sprinkles and run on "mix in"

#### Comments

Loosely based on https://thepeachiespoon.com/blogs/recipes/high-protein-cake-batter-ninja-creami-blizzard?srsltid=AfmBOorc3VfJq2tNqtpbfUk131rfGWybxsUHkik956AKwA2D1KsQ1GGE

Tasted very artificial, a little salty, and much too strongly of extract. Cut back extract to 1/4. Replaced vanilla protein powder (seems to be a common culprint for artificial taste) with almond butter powder. Remove added salt.
