Recipes/Pistachio Ice Cream.md, before:

---
Taste rating /5: 4
Calorie range: 500-599
Volume (ml): 
High Protein: false
Gluten Free: true
Dairy Free: false
Vegan: false
---
## Base Recipe
#### Nutrition Facts
| Calories (kcal) | 549 |
| :-- | :--: |
| Total Fat (g) | 22 |
| Saturated Fat (g) | 2 |
| Trans Fat (g) | 0 |
| Cholesterol (mg) | 5 |
| Sodium (mg) | 899 |
| Total Carbohydrate (g) | 74.5 |
| Dietary Fiber (g) | 4 |
| Sugars (g) | 57.5 |
| Protein (g) | 19 |
#### Ingredients
| Quantity | Unit | Ingredient |
| :--: | :--: | :--- |
| 1 1/2 | cup | [[Vanilla Almond Milk]] |
| 1/4 | cup | [[2% Cottage Cheese]] |
| 3 | tbsp | [[Pistachio Instant Pudding Mix]] |
| 1/4 | tsp | [[Almond Extract]] |
| 1 | tbsp | [[Splenda]] |
| 2 | tbsp | [[PB2 Powdered Almond Butter]] |
| 1/4 | cup | [[Chopped almonds]] |
#### Instructions

1. Whisk ingredients together
2. Freeze overnight in creami pint
3. Mix on "gelato" setting
4. Add almond milk and respin once or twice until smooth
5. Add crushed almonds and run on mix-in

#### Comments

From https://www.foodbanjo.com/ninja-creami-pistachio-ice-cream/

Testing both: 1/4 cup [[2% Cottage Cheese]] vs 1/4 tsp [[Xantham Gum]]

Xantham gum: I think it needs a bit more, maybe try 1/2 tsp?

2% cottage cheese was pretty creamy but too much ice crystals. going to try 1) spin on gelato instead of lite ice cream; 2) add in creamer during respin instead of before freezing 

It was also a little low on pistachio flavor so might go back to 3 tbsp pudding when adding cottage cheese (or maybe next time use them to replace some of the milk??)

I ended up not putting in the vanilla creamer. Was an improvement but it's still missing something. A little body maybe? Maybe needs a source of protein like the other recipes to bind everything together? Trying +2 tbsp PB2 almond butter powder.

Commit message:

pistachio icecream first success ish but calories fairly high

Recipes/Pistachio Ice Cream.md, after:

---
Taste rating /5: 5
Calorie range: 500-599
Volume (ml):
High Protein: false
Gluten Free: true
Dairy Free: false
Vegan: false
---
## Base Recipe
#### Nutrition Facts
| Calories (kcal) | 549 |
| :-- | :--: |
| Total Fat (g) | 22 |
| Saturated Fat (g) | 2 |
| Trans Fat (g) | 0 |
| Cholesterol (mg) | 5 |
| Sodium (mg) | 899 |
| Total Carbohydrate (g) | 74.5 |
| Dietary Fiber (g) | 4 |
| Sugars (g) | 57.5 |
| Protein (g) | 19 |
#### Ingredients
| Quantity | Unit | Ingredient |
| :--: | :--: | :--- |
| 1 1/2 | cup | [[Vanilla Almond Milk]] |
| 1/4 | cup | [[2% Cottage Cheese]] |
| 3 | tbsp | [[Pistachio Instant Pudding Mix]] |
| 1/4 | tsp | [[Almond Extract]] |
| 1 | tbsp | [[Splenda]] |
| 2 | tbsp | [[PB2 Powdered Almond Butter]] |
| 1/4 | cup | [[Chopped almonds]] |
#### Instructions

1. Whisk ingredients together
2. Freeze overnight in creami pint
3. Mix on "gelato" setting
4. Add almond milk and respin once or twice until smooth
5. Add crushed almonds and run on mix-in

#### Comments

From https://www.foodbanjo.com/ninja-creami-pistachio-ice-cream/

Testing both: 1/4 cup [[2% Cottage Cheese]] vs 1/4 tsp [[Xantham Gum]]

Xantham gum: I think it needs a bit more, maybe try 1/2 tsp?

2% cottage cheese was pretty creamy but too much ice crystals. going to try 1) spin on gelato instead of lite ice cream; 2) add in creamer during respin instead of before freezing 

It was also a little low on pistachio flavor so might go back to 3 tbsp pudding when adding cottage cheese (or maybe next time use them to replace some of the milk??)

I ended up not putting in the vanilla creamer. Was an improvement but it's still missing something. A little body maybe? Maybe needs a source of protein like the other recipes to bind everything together? Trying +2 tbsp PB2 almond butter powder.

This did the trick in terms of flavor / texture! But I'd like to lower the calories some if possible.
