Recipes/Vanilla Ice Cream.md, before:

---
Taste rating /5: 
Calorie range: 200-299
Volume (ml): "340"
High Protein: false
Gluten Free: true
Dairy Free: true
Vegan: true
---
## Base Recipe
#### Nutrition Facts
| Calories (kcal) | 231 |
| :-- | :--: |
| Total Fat (g) | 4 |
| Saturated Fat (g) | 0.5 |
| Trans Fat (g) | 0 |
| Cholesterol (mg) | 28 |
| Sodium (mg) | 882 |
| Total Carbohydrate (g) | 36 |
| Dietary Fiber (g) | 0.5 |
| Sugars (g) | 20 |
| Protein (g) | 14 |
#### Ingredients
| Ingredient | Calories | Volume | Weight | Other |
| :-- | :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: |
| [[Vanilla Ice Cream Protein Powder]] | 60 | | 16 g | 1/2 scoop |
| [[Vanilla Almond Milk]] | 99 | 1 1/4 cup | 300 g | |
| [[Vanilla Bean Paste]] | 15 | 1 tsp | 5 g | |
| [[Xantham Gum]] | 2 | 1/4 tsp | 1 g | |
| [[PB2 Cashew Powder]] | 10 | 1 tsp | 2 g | |
| [[Sugar Free Vanilla Instant Pudding Mix]] | 45 | 1 1/2 tbsp | 16 g |  |
#### Instructions

1. 
2. Freeze overnight in creami pint
3. Mix on "SETTING" setting
4. Add LIQUID and respin once or twice until smooth

#### Comments

Too much protein

## Regular Pints
#### Nutrition Facts
| Calories (kcal) | 321 |
| :-- | :--: |
| Total Fat (g) | 6 |
| Saturated Fat (g) | 0.5 |
| Trans Fat (g) | 0 |
| Cholesterol (mg) | 38 |
| Sodium (mg) | 1226 |
| Total Carbohydrate (g) | 50 |
| Dietary Fiber (g) | 0.5 |
| Sugars (g) | 27.5 |
| Protein (g) | 19.5 |
#### Ingredients
| Ingredient | Calories | Volume | Weight | Other |
| :-- | :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: |
| [[Vanilla Ice Cream Protein Powder]] | 83 | | 22 g |  |
| [[Vanilla Almond Milk]] | 137 | 1 1/2 cup | 410 g | |
| [[Vanilla Bean Paste]] | 21 | 1/2 tbsp | 7 g | |
| [[Xantham Gum]] | 3 | 1/4 tsp | 1 g | |
| [[PB2 Cashew Powder]] | 14 | 1/2 tbsp | 3 g | |
| [[Sugar Free Vanilla Instant Pudding Mix]] | 63 | 2 tbsp | 22 g | 1/2 package |

## Deluxe Pints
#### Nutrition Facts
| Calories (kcal) | 483 |
| :-- | :--: |
| Total Fat (g) | 9 |
| Saturated Fat (g) | 1 |
| Trans Fat (g) | 0 |
| Cholesterol (mg) | 57 |
| Sodium (mg) | 1841 |
| Total Carbohydrate (g) | 75 |
| Dietary Fiber (g) | 0.5 |
| Sugars (g) | 41.5 |
| Protein (g) | 29 |
#### Ingredients
| Ingredient | Calories | Volume | Weight | Other |
| :-- | :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: |
| [[Vanilla Ice Cream Protein Powder]] | 125 | | 32 g | 1 scoop |
| [[Vanilla Almond Milk]] | 206 | 2 1/2 cup | 620 g | |
| [[Vanilla Bean Paste]] | 31 | 2 tsp | 10.5 g | |
| [[Xantham Gum]] | 5 | 1/2 tsp | 1.5 g | |
| [[PB2 Cashew Powder]] | 21 | 2 tsp | 5 g | |
| [[Sugar Free Vanilla Instant Pudding Mix]] | 94 | 3 tbsp | 33 g | 1 package |

Commit message:

Solved the GD vanilla recipe! still needs to nutrition facts updated bc I'm on mobile

Recipes/Vanilla Ice Cream.md, after:

---
Taste rating /5:
Calorie range: 200-299
Volume (ml): "340"
High Protein: false
Gluten Free: true
Dairy Free: true
Vegan: false
---
## Base Recipe
#### Nutrition Facts
| Calories (kcal) | 231 |
| :-- | :--: |
| Total Fat (g) | 4 |
| Saturated Fat (g) | 0.5 |
| Trans Fat (g) | 0 |
| Cholesterol (mg) | 28 |
| Sodium (mg) | 882 |
| Total Carbohydrate (g) | 36 |
| Dietary Fiber (g) | 0.5 |
| Sugars (g) | 20 |
| Protein (g) | 14 |
#### Ingredients
| Ingredient                                 | Calories |   Volume   | Weight | Other |
| :----------------------------------------- | :------: | :--------: | :----: | :---: |
| [[Vanilla Almond Milk]]                    |    99    | 1 1/4 cup  | 300 g  |       |
| [[Vanilla Bean Paste]]                     |    15    |   1 tsp    |  5 g   |       |
| [[Xantham Gum]]                            |    2     |  1/4 tsp   |  1 g   |       |
| [[PB2 Cashew Powder]]                      |    10    |   1 tsp    |  2 g   |       |
| [[Sugar Free Vanilla Instant Pudding Mix]] |    45    | 1 1/2 tbsp |  16 g  |       |
| [[Pasteurized Egg Whites]]                 |          |   2 tbsp   |        |       |
| [[Butter Extract]]                         |          |  1/8 tsp   |        |       |
| [[Salt]]                                   |          |  1/8 tsp   |        |       |
#### Instructions

1. Mix
2. Freeze overnight in creami pint
3. Mix on "Gelato" setting
4. Add milk or water and respin once or twice until smooth

#### Comments

Solved! The protein powder was definitely part of the problem, and without it the recipe needed salt as well. Pasteurized Egg Whites do the trick! I also used oat milk as mix in and that was 🙌🏻

## Regular Pints
#### Nutrition Facts
| Calories (kcal) | 321 |
| :-- | :--: |
| Total Fat (g) | 6 |
| Saturated Fat (g) | 0.5 |
| Trans Fat (g) | 0 |
| Cholesterol (mg) | 38 |
| Sodium (mg) | 1226 |
| Total Carbohydrate (g) | 50 |
| Dietary Fiber (g) | 0.5 |
| Sugars (g) | 27.5 |
| Protein (g) | 19.5 |
#### Ingredients
| Ingredient | Calories | Volume | Weight | Other |
| :-- | :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: |
| [[Vanilla Ice Cream Protein Powder]] | 83 | | 22 g |  |
| [[Vanilla Almond Milk]] | 137 | 1 1/2 cup | 410 g | |
| [[Vanilla Bean Paste]] | 21 | 1/2 tbsp | 7 g | |
| [[Xantham Gum]] | 3 | 1/4 tsp | 1 g | |
| [[PB2 Cashew Powder]] | 14 | 1/2 tbsp | 3 g | |
| [[Sugar Free Vanilla Instant Pudding Mix]] | 63 | 2 tbsp | 22 g | 1/2 package |

## Deluxe Pints
#### Nutrition Facts
| Calories (kcal) | 483 |
| :-- | :--: |
| Total Fat (g) | 9 |
| Saturated Fat (g) | 1 |
| Trans Fat (g) | 0 |
| Cholesterol (mg) | 57 |
| Sodium (mg) | 1841 |
| Total Carbohydrate (g) | 75 |
| Dietary Fiber (g) | 0.5 |
| Sugars (g) | 41.5 |
| Protein (g) | 29 |
#### Ingredients
| Ingredient | Calories | Volume | Weight | Other |
| :-- | :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: |
| [[Vanilla Ice Cream Protein Powder]] | 125 | | 32 g | 1 scoop |
| [[Vanilla Almond Milk]] | 206 | 2 1/2 cup | 620 g | |
| [[Vanilla Bean Paste]] | 31 | 2 tsp | 10.5 g | |
| [[Xantham Gum]] | 5 | 1/2 tsp | 1.5 g | |
| [[PB2 Cashew Powder]] | 21 | 2 tsp | 5 g | |
| [[Sugar Free Vanilla Instant Pudding Mix]] | 94 | 3 tbsp | 33 g | 1 package |
